sections/Round.md, before:

Among Thieves is a game played in a few **Rounds**, consisting of the same basic steps as described below until some clever and cunning thief [[Winning the Game|wins the game]].
1. Secretly select 2 cards from you hand that you will play this round.
2. Lift a finger and count "3-2-1 No honor among thieves!" and point at a thief to rob if you chose the [[No Honor]] card. it is played immediately in turn order starting with the who has the [[Acting Master Thief Marker]]. the other players simply put their hands down.
3. starting with the player with the [[Acting Master Thief Marker]], clockwise, players take turns revealing one face down action card and resolving its effect if not interrupted until all cards have been revealed. IMPORTANT! when played as an interrupt [[Trap]] and [[Sabotage]] don't count as the card you revealed for your turn.
4. resolve successful heists and collect rewards. If the [[Heist Locations]] card is a prison, the player is caught and must bribe the jailor with a coin, if able. the coin is returned to [[The City]]
5. resolve all [[No Honor]]action cards, starting from the [[Acting Master Thief Marker]] in a clockwise fashion.
6. each player secretly chooses one of their two action cards from the round and discards it face down. Any player that played [[No Honor]] must choose that card. If you would discard down to one, instead return all cards in your discard to your hand.
7. all players add their remaining card back to their hand, the resolved heist locations are put in the heist discard, and new heist locations are drawn to replace the resolved ones.
8. the current master thief passes the master thief marker clockwise and the new master thief takes one coin from the city. Then, the next round begins.
[[problems]]

Commit message:

resolved steal, rounds, and some problems. embeds are showing titles again for some reason

sections/Round.md, after:

Among Thieves is a game played in a few **Rounds**, consisting of the same basic steps as described below until some clever and cunning thief [[Winning the Game|wins the game]].
1. Secretly select 2 cards from you hand that you will play this round. Keep them separate from your hand and discard.
2. Lift a finger and count "3-2-1 No honor among thieves!" If you selected the [[No Honor]] card, point at the thief you are robbing. Otherwise, put your hand down.
3. Starting with the [[Master Thief]], thieves take turns revealing a card they chose in step 1 and resolving it's effect. Play proceeds clockwise until until all cards have been revealed.
4. Resolve successful [[Heist|Heists]] and collect rewards. If a [[Heist Locations|Heist Location]] has coins on it the heisting thief steals that many coins from [[The City]]. If the **Heist Location** is a [[Jail Card.png|Jail Card]], the thief is caught and must bribe the jailer of **The City** with a coin, if able.
5. Resolve all [[No Honor]] cards, starting with the [[Master Thief]] and proceeding clockwise.
6. Each thief secretly chooses one of the cards they played this round and discards it face down and returns the other to their hand. Then, if a thief only has one card in hand they return all discarded cards to their hand.
7. Resolved **Heist Locations** are shuffled into the deck and new ones are drawn to replace the missing ones.
8. The current [[Master Thief]] passes the [[Master Thief Card.png|Master Thief Card]] to the next thief clockwise. Then, the next round begins.
